hey YouTube mounted a 12-team JM t here
with the slugger 1130 you got third
place third place at this week's win a
box playing what rasik park jurassic
park evil sore and evo tile yep really
oh yeah if you lose the bet is that why
you played the deck no that's why I
shaved my head that's why you shave the
head okay alright so let's get into the
sex robot all right I take full credit
for three weslo apparently Polk Taylor
94 is the mastermind behind me yeah it
is true he came over and helped me build
the entire deck because I built it it
sucked and and he came over and it
worked okay so yeah alright three
whistle oh he was so grave keeper
spotted a right on to volcano what every
special summoned I get another evil
sword monster graveyard easy dhoka and
so it's kind of like Darius yeah a lot
like Jerry's only one Diplo um bc re
yeah bc re alright discards probably
might not be in here very much longer it
depends through this wonderful guy he's
19 heart beat her when he special
something he becomes 21 and he gets me
weslo from my deck so what if he
destroys a monster he hits dad wondering
if he destroys a monster hmm so he's
he's nice figures am night pretty much
yeah okay 304 some fact that I run over
a monster easy special summon and go get
doko like you okay now why heilmann
stead of the 1700 because he can keep
attacking the other one is 1700 right
guy yeah the wind discipline that you
special summoning can't attack right
because him like earlier today I
playtech Sabres he had emmers blade I
went
attack attack attack and then I ended up
having one more dice or and play and I
end up with a dhoka and laggy on board
at the same time with forbidden land
space down which is game seems good
because they really can't have nothing
pretty standard Gore's Gore's gorgeous
good black luster soldier black luster
soldier I seen fire and water yeah it's
so far saggin singing gets weslo okay
faq Baylor okay explanatory to Thunder
King to Thunder King seems good seemed
really good so that's three lights and
five darks with the 2 DG crows main deck
to DD crew worked amazingly really yes
there was a la plays plating plant
synchro lot of times I hit the only dark
people had in their graveyard and guess
what I played soccer growing and he was
stuck with a black luster soldier that
could have killed him it but he couldn't
summon it because you Jim Crow did it
game but main deck double DD crow that's
ballsy man f but it paid off and it
works amazing also Oh Taylor 94 children
oh that's the monster lineup up to the
magics to MST pretty standard to fossil
dig I go get any died so on my deck so
so I get on beds Rhoda yeah rota for
almost everything in my deck okay to pod
or dividing um standard yeah whatever
that's going in twos and threes and
every day yep forbidden Lance the reason
for three forbidden land are you that
dependent on your monsters that you have
to run three these guys get run over I
mean even though they are 23 and 24 but
Hyperion which obviously phases the
worst match-up which is the only deck I
lost to today I went x + 1 these guys
get rent / so easy by IP Rihanna and
Chris TIA it's just that Lance stops it
I'm in this insulated really good I mean
yeah I mean battled a stretcher Zealand
a dork royal stable favorite horn book
moon heavy storm and that's the magic
line of okay a trap line ups 2 boundless
okay that's going to ought to play
around here yeah one solemn the reason
not to psalm and the two boneless is
because once again they summon venus and
if I saw mauryan they can still drop ha
period until bring our high paragon
what's it they can write on because
that's my biggest fear tinkham pulse I
like composed comport straight on the
Exede monsters and synchros lovely card
solemn Air Force Air Force no trap best
shoot no dreamt issue huh all right now
let's see the extra dick the Extra Deck
consists of and this will not be upped
too likeah he's like yakking solemn
judgment yep to dope or judoka judoka
he's a herald of orange light headed or
planes you heard of orange light only he
is only supposed to be two yeah I have a
question would you bump that up to three
there was no I probably wouldn't know
really utopia to utopia if they do get
up hearing on me he's actually my next
best bet because I can stall for 2 turns
and Iran unless the only I'm hopping
love what works for you works and then
the other extra deck steps over here
which is all free standard yeah it's all
stand you know Black Rose are seems good
la la alright so one last question
before we before you head out of here
you come here every week and you see me
and I know that it makes you question
your homosexual tendencies not long so
how do you control yourself and would
have not have been easier just to talk
to your mom and dad when you were a
young boy and explain to them your
choice well I mean hi Mary three kids
and one
way a woman very good cover very good
kinda she is a pre hot Lord she is she
is so yeah I mean home didn't have much
say in that alright man I appreciate it
subscribe comment down below show us how
much you love us